MS Office SPSS R Psychometry Quantitative Research
 Masters in Industrial Psychology
Masters in Organizational Behaviour
IO/ OB
Business Psychology
Cognitive Psychology
Human Resource
Recruitment
AI/ML
Research
Analytical
Writing skills
Publications
Conferences
Internship
HR internship


Job Title: Intern Research Psychologist Job Role: Research & Development
Department: Psychology Openings 2
Location: Remote Travel Required: No
Position Type: Internship Date Posted: 30-07-2020
Stipend: Negotiable Posting Expires: 04-08-2020
Applications Accepted By:
GOOGLE FORM
https://forms.gle/vcjnEDqBmtm8kGxZ8
APPLICATIONS MUST INCLUDE:
Cover letter
Resume
Job Description
ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES
We at Perspectico are looking for someone who is eager to learn and enthusiastic to contribute in our mission
to solve the puzzle of employability from a recruiter point of view. As an Intern Research Psychologist with a
strong support from senior leadership, you will:
• Collaborate with a team of researchers in designing and executing a neuropsychological model on
employability against deadlines.
• Make use of suitable research methodologies in order to:
1. Conduct systematic reviews
2. Perform data collection using standardized tools and techniques.
3. Design psychometric assessments.
4. Write articles, summaries, research papers; develop data tables, reports and presentations.
• Apply data analytical procedures to identify the correlation between soft skills and job roles.
• Test for back end logics and algorithms that lead to the AI based automation of the model.
• Utilize strong strategic thinking and analytical skills in a fast-paced environment to do new things every
day.
QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
Master’s degree in Psychology (Pref. I/O).
Detailed knowledge or certifications in psychometry.
Significant experience in the field of research.
Relevant publications in national and international journals.
PREFERRED SKILLS
Word, Excel, Power-point, SPSS, R, Writing skills.
Attention to detail, Multitasking, Critical thinking, Challenge driven, Team orientation.
BENEFITS OF WORKING AT PERSPECTICO
Letter of recommendation
An opportunity towards full time employment
Reviewed By: Kirti Maheshwari (Associate Research Psychologist)
Approved By: Melba Kuriakose (Consultant Research Psychologist)
Date/Time: 30-07-2020/ 3:00 pm IST